When your assignment is complete, please answer the questions in this text file and upload it to I-Learn.

1. Please provide the URL of your public GitHub repository.
https://github.com/levictorsmith/cs450


2. What was the most difficult part of this assignment?
The most difficult part was finding ways to categorize the data so that it would be represented in an effective manner.


3. Briefly describe your process for handling non-numeric data.
For non-numeric data, depending on the data, I would either encode it using a simple encoder(like for yes/no boolean data), use a hashing encoder, or use a label encoder to assign codes to the items.
For useless data, I excluded it. I only did this once.


4. Briefly describe your process for missing data.
For missing data, I either left it NaN (if the calculation would allow it), zero it out, swap it out with a blank string, or find the mean of the column.


5. Describe your results for the Car Evaluation dataset.
The results of the car evaluation dataset were between 88% - 94%, depending on if K-Fold Cross validation was used or not.


6. Describe your results for the Pima Indian dataset.
The results of the Autism Spectrum dataset were between 94% and 99%.


7. Describe your results for the Automobile MPG dataset.
The results of the Automobile MPG dataset were rather confusing, I got consistently below 20% on each run. I haven't been able to diagnose what the problem is.


8. Describe anything you did to go above and beyond the minimum standard requirements.


9. Please select the category you feel best describes your assignment:
A - Some attempt was made
B - Developing, but significantly deficient
C - Slightly deficient, but still mostly adequate
--> D - Meets requirements
E - Shows creativity and excels above and beyond requirements


10. Provide a brief justification (1-2 sentences) for selecting that category.
I implemented preprocessing the datasets and making sure missing and otherwise inadequate data were being represented correctly. I also implemented K-Fold cross validation. I did not, however, find a way to go above and beyond.

